OSDOCS-3826: Updated the compute section (#47934)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/sdpolicy-am-compute.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * assemblies/osd-service-definition.adoc
:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="compute_{context}"]
= Compute

Single availability zone clusters require a minimum of 2 worker nodes for Customer Cloud Subscription (CCS) clusters deployed to a single availability zone. A minimum of 4 worker nodes is required for standard clusters. These 4 worker nodes are included in the base subscription.

Multiple availability zone clusters require a minimum of 3 worker nodes for Customer Cloud Subscription (CCS) clusters, 1 deployed to each of 3 availability zones. A minimum of 9 worker nodes are required for standard clusters. These 9 worker nodes are included in the base subscription, and additional nodes must be purchased in multiples of 3 to maintain proper node distribution.

Worker nodes must all be the same type and size within a single {product-title} cluster.

[NOTE]
====
The default machine pool node type and size cannot be changed after the cluster has been created.
====

> Control plane and infrastructure nodes are also provided by Red Hat. There are at least 3 control plane nodes that handle etcd and API-related workloads. There are at least 2 infrastructure nodes that handle metrics, routing, the web console, and other workloads. You must not run any workloads on the control plane and infrastructure nodes. Any workloads you intend to run must be deployed on worker nodes. See the additional resources for a list of the Red Hat Operator workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Control plane and infrastructure nodes are also provided by Red Hat. There are at least 3 control plane nodes that handle etcd and API-related workloads. There are at least 2 infrastructure nodes that handle metrics, routing, the web console, and other workloads. You must not run any workloads on the control plane and infrastructure nodes. Any workloads you intend to run must be deployed on worker nodes. See the Red Hat Operator support section below for more information on Red Hat workloads that must be deployed on worker nodes.
```
